---
title: Meetings Minute
layout: default
nav_order: 1
parent: Timeline
---

# Meetings Minute

This section describes a summarized record of information, decisions, and actions made during the develop meetings.
{: .fs-6 .fw-300 }

## Module 1

### 05/03/2023
- Created a WhatsApp group to establish communication within the team;
- Conducted team introductions and shared knowledge among team members;
- Formulated a plan to complete the required FIAP classes before initiating project development;
- Established a Kanban board to effectively track project progress;
- Unanimously agreed to conduct the entire project in English (en-US).

### 05/10/2023
- Organized a group session to watch YouTube live sessions by Professor Nélio Alves (DevSuperior) to acquire additional knowledge and insights.

### 05/17/2023
- Developed a Minimum Viable Product (MVP) based on Professor Nélio Alves' project;
- Deployed the application on Amazon Web Services (AWS) using EC2 for compute resources and RDS for the database.

### 05/25/2023
- Successfully completed all available classes on the FIAP ON platform;
- Decided to schedule team meetings on Tuesdays and Thursdays at 9 PM for enhanced flexibility;
- Deployed the application on the Railway platform to validate its functionality using two containers.

### 05/30/2023
- Utilized the Live Share extension in Visual Studio Code for collaborative group programming on the application.

### 06/01/2023
- Resolved bugs and implemented additional validations for the User API;
- Eliminated stack trace information from error responses (500);
- Created recursive user relationship;
- Developed a spreadsheet to simulate data modeling and facilitate the creation of SQL scripts for the Microsoft SQL Server database to validate the solution;
- Increased the number of records in the database seeding file for the "users" and "user_relations" tables.

### 06/06/2023
- Hernandes Andrade voluntarily left the team;
- Individual developments were analysed by the members through Code Review, using GitHub's resources;
- Created the Address API and expanded the database seeding file for the "addresses" and "address_relation" tables;
- Locked the main branch to enforce code pushes through pull requests, allowing evaluation by code owners.

### 06/14/2023
- Created data records for the "appliances" and "appliance_relations" through database seeding file;
- We decided to use the Mintlify Doc Writer plugin to generate documentation following the Javadoc pattern.

### 06/20/2023
- Several code changes were made based on the insights gained from the "Coda Comigo" lives;
- Refactored service classes to return only the entity, leaving the ResponseEntity for the Controller;
- Converted the ID of entities from Long to UUID, along with updating all related dependencies;
- Added the spring.web.locale property to the application.properties file to display messages exclusively in English;
- Developed manual test cases using Postman to ensure the correct functionality of all methods;
- Created the "pks" package to store primary keys of entities;
- Initiated documentation by adding initial comments to classes using the Mintlify Doc Writer plugin;
- Changed the data type of timestamps from DateTime to Instant.

### 06/22/2023
- Utilized Google Docs to document ideas and discussions;
- Refactored the documentation generated by the Mintlify Doc Writer;
- Introduced the beecrowd.com platform for algorithm training and improving programming logic skills.

### 06/27/2023
- Incorporated the springdoc-openapi-ui framework to generate interactive and navigable API documentation;
- Utilized Postman to support the development of interactive documentation.

### 06/30/2023
- Utilized the just-the-docs template to structure the wiki;
- Created the main page of the project and provided detailed descriptions for each section;
- Designed and incorporated a project logo on wiki pages;
- Finalized the base structure of the wiki.

### 07/02/2023
- Added Javadocs into GitHub repository for a more comprehensive documentation;
- Included request examples in Swagger for improving the API documentation;
- Configured CORS settings to enable requests from Swagger UI to the API;
- Successfully deployed the solution on Railway;
- Defined detailed documentation for the User, Address, and Appliance entities in the wiki;
- Updated the Swagger API to use HTTPS on request URLs; 
- Used GitHub HTML Preview to visualize the Javadoc pages; 
- Updated the README.md file with links to Swagger API docs, project wiki, and Javadocs.

### 07/03/2023
- Described the "timeline" wiki section;
- Create a PDF file to contains all required challenge links. 

---
## Module 2

### 07/11/2023
- We had the addition of two new members (Fernando Loi and Matheus Diefenthaeler) and the voluntary departure of member Guilherme Franco.
- We introduced the team, analyzed LinkedIn profiles, shared experiences, and presented the project board.
- We showcased the code developed so far and the technologies used.

### 07/15/2023
- We had a quick meeting to make adjustments to the project board and decided to reserve the month of July to focus on FIAP ON platform classes.

### 08/01/2023
- We returned to the project and refined each of the activities and their delivery dates.

### 08/03/2023
- We went over each of the project board activities.
- We decided which relational database to use and the web request response structure.

### 08/08/2023
- We defined the priority of project tasks.
- We initiated the GET requests for the entities.

### 08/10/2023
- We performed GET All, GET by id, and GET bound User for the User entity.
- We began to perform GET requests for the other entities (Address, Appliance).

### 08/15/2023
- Completed GETs for all entities.
- We decided to use Spring Data's Pageable for filtering.
- We started implementing Pageable in the User entity's GET requests.

### 08/17/2023
- We finished implementing Pageable for GET requests in the User entity.
- We applied Pageable to the other entities.
- We decided that the user can change only what they want, without the need for all information in the JSON.
- We began programming the PUT method for the User entity.

### 08/22/2023
- Completed the PUT method for the User entity.
- We performed PUT for the other entities (Address, Appliance).
- We started the DELETE operation for the User entity and defined cascading deletion of relationships.

### 08/24/2023
- Finished the DELETE method for the User entity.
- Implemented the Delete method for the other entities following the cascade pattern.

### 08/29/2023
- We started testing each method for documentation and validation.
- During the testing of the DELETE method for the User entity, we identified an error when trying to delete a child user due to the relationship, and we fixed it.
- Completed testing for all methods, including error handling and successful returns.

### 08/31/2023
- We documented the codes built in phase 2 using Mintilify.
- Updated the Swagger documentation, adding the GET, PUT, DELETE methods, and their returns.

### 09/02/2023
- Updated the project's Wiki, including all modifications and methods implemented in this phase, with examples of requests and responses.
- Reviewed the project as a whole before delivery.